Starting an attempt to remove default particle assumptions (#911)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/911.breaking.rst

> Removed default values for the `ion` and `particle` arguments of functions contained in `plasmapy.formulary.parameters`, in accordance with issue [#453](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/453).

Reviewer: Include something like... *"..., and updated all relevant calls to modified functionality."*

> Removed default values for the `ion` and `particle` arguments of functions contained in `plasmapy.formulary.parameters`, in accordance with issue [#453](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/453).

Author: Will do.

> Removed default Particle types for functions in `formulary/parameters.py`. Any
> code which had previously used the default value for these arguments will need
> to be updated by passing the appropriate particle type as a parameter.
> 
> Documentation and tests for these functions have been updated as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed default values for the `ion` and `particle` arguments of functions contained in `plasmapy.formulary.parameters`, in accordance with issue [#453](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/453).
```

You want to keep this as one paragraph because it gets translated to a single bullet point in a reST unordered list.
